fetch leafSetImplementations regardless of operation set Impl type (#443)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/slimy-cows-poke.md

---
'@finos/legend-graph': patch
'@finos/legend-studio': patch
---

> Account for cycles and duplication when getting all `leafSetImplementations` from an operation set implementation. Additionally get `leafSetImplementations` regardless of operation type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Account for cycles and duplication when resolving all child set implementations and `leaf` set implementations of an `operation set implementation`. Also, since we don't try to `understand` how each operation works, we will disregard the operation type in this resolution.
```
